Modify rule S3649(PHP): Update text to the Education Framework structure (APPSEC-190) (#1355)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3649/common/fix/secure-by-design.adoc

==== Use secure APIs

> Some libraries provide a database framework that frees the developer from
> sanitizing or writing prepared statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some frameworks provide a database abstraction layer that frees the developers
 from sanitizing or writing prepared statements.
```

>  from sanitizing or writing prepared statements.

Author: ```suggestion
from sanitizing or writing prepared statements.
```

> These APIS can be described as "secure by design". +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These provided APIs can be described as "secure by design". +
```

> By providing a builder pattern with PDO parameter binding behind the scenes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By providing a builder pattern with parameter binding behind the scenes,
```

Reviewer: To make it generic as PDO is specific to PHP to be reusable on other languages.

`{secure_feature}` can be called "secure by design" as it adds
multiple layers of security to the code while keeping the codebase shorter.

> *Note*: This type of API can also provide "raw" functions or equivalents. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note*: These type of APIs can also provide "raw" functions or equivalents. These
```

Reviewer: To be consistent with the plural on the previous paragraph.

Author: ```suggestion
*Note*: These types of APIs can also provide "raw" functions or equivalents. These
```
